some say football is a drug an
addiction others say it's just a
game a bit of
banter some people even say it's a
matter of life and death but we can
assure you it's much more serious than
that this is
INS football is an
identity for the fans it's loyalty foras
is a for the nostalgic it's about to
return to a p
time we're telling stories that go
beyond the
fact drawing us closer to the idea of an
experience taking us into unattainable
places opening up different
perspectives showing us how football
feels and connecting us to the world
like nothing
else get ready for the Creator
commissions showcase faing the most
unique stories brought to you by the
Copa
fan Timeless
documentary celebrating the ground
Breakers who are reclaiming the game
here is the real football with passion
and
love and it's back Darby days sping the
matches that Define the
generation this is copa90
stories